Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee, we have with us today Mr. Bob Kour, who is
the director of our radio and TV studio here in the United States Senate.
Bob, who's going to ask these questions?
Certainly, it's good to have you with us.
Well, Senator, it's been a long time since I have the privilege of being on a program
with you almost since 1940, I think.
Well, Bob, I think we started back in the House of Representatives days making a flutter.
That's right, Senator.
Talk about 1900 and 40.
But Jerry Blossom we did.
Bob, Bob and Helen have been here directing this helping us ever since.
Jerry Blossom week, though, Senator, is still like it was back in 1940.
Jerry Blossoms were a few days late this year, but I did notice that there were a lot of
school buses with Tennessee license plates on them, and I'm wondering just why are you here
in Washington when most of the senators are back home?
Well, Bob, it is too bad to chair Blossoms.
Well, a little late we had the festival last Friday in Saturday, Joanna Evans, you know,
Congressman Evans' daughter was Tennessee princess.
We didn't have a single chair Blossom, then Sunday, the sunshine came out in Monday and
Tuesday we had beautiful chair Blossoms.
But about these Tennessee school children, many of the high schools in Tennessee have
a senior class trip come up to Washington, and I think this week we've had seven
or eight classes here.
Well, now, Senator, just what do you do for these school children?
Are they just up in to say hello or do you perform a service for them?
Well, I hope we perform a service.
They usually come by the office and we give them passes to the Senate.
I have a little guide book about what to see in Washington, and I show them my pictures
and little mnemon toes in my office.
And then, usually we go down in front of the Capitol or on the back of the Capitol
now since the front is torn up and have a class picture made.
It's one of the very pleasant parts about service up here seeing these school kids.
They all say that they know a whole lot more about government, about White House,
about Congress after they've been here than they did before they came.
Now, let's leave the more pleasant things and get into the more prosaic matters.
You're a chairman of a subcommittee, and he trusts, not only subcommittee,
and you have currently been holding hearings.
Most of your hearings as I've been following them in the press have been directed to,
I guess I should call it a cartel of large drug manufacturers who have been,
according to material you bought out, overcharging the public
and making tremendous profits on certain drugs which are helpful to our sick and our ailing.
I wonder if you could give us a little background of that.
Well, I wouldn't call it a cartel, Bob.
Our antitrust and enough of the subcommittees charged with investigating
a lack of competition and great many industries, steel and bread in others,
but I think our drug industry has attracted more attention.
What we found is that the medical profession and pharmaceutical manufacturers
have played an important part in this have developed wonderful medicines,
wondered drugs that keep people alive and give them better health in the last few years.
But the sad fact is that in many cases, many of these drugs are,
beyond the reach of pocketbook wise of the average person who is sick.
So what we are investigating is why are the prices so high?
Why isn't there price competition between the large companies?
Well, what do you think?
Well, we found that there is not price competition among the large companies
on most of these ethical drugs.
We found also that their profit of the drug manufacturers is about twice the average
of the average manufacturing company in the United States.
And on net worth, for the last few years has been the highest, about 22% after taxes.
We found also that they sell to the pharmacist for very much larger price
than the sell to the government when they did to the government.
In one case, they sell to the pharmacist $100, $80 worth,
and the government would buy for the same thing for $30.
Well, now, Senator, the pharmacist is not the blame for these things.
No, the pharmacist says he only adds his profit on what the manufacturer charges in
and he's entitled to make a reasonable profit, and he's not the one's blame.
And he's interested in getting the price down just like we are.
Well, Senator, I wish we had more time.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, sir.